Sui_Generis/README.md, before:

# Sui Generis - A Cultural Innovation Expansion mod for Crusader Kings 3
_Sui Generis_ was designed with two objectives in mind: firstly that each culture in the game should be governed by a unique mechanic that distinguishes it from others on the basis of their culture group or geographic location, and secondly that select unique cultural innovations should be able to spread far beyond their origins to enrich the various cultures of the medieval world. 

Currently, the mod features innovations for the following culture groups:
## Berbers:
- Barb Horses _(can be exported to other cultures)_: bonus damage, toughness, and pursuit for light cavalry
- Barbary Corsairs: enables raiding by land and sea, -25% Embarkation cost and +40% Naval Movement speed
## Byzantines:
- Legacy of Rome (unique to Greeks): +15 Baseline Dread, +2% Monthly Prestige Gain per Dread
- Legacy of the Autokrator _(can be exported to other primarily Eastern Christian cultures)_: + 10 Baseline Dread, -10% Dread Decay 
- Caucasian Heritage: +5 Advantage in Desert Mountains and Mountains
- Caucasian Diplomacy _(unique to the Byzantine culture group)_: enables 1 alliance without marriage with other Caucasian/Greek rulers
- Knights of the East _(can be exported to other primarily Eastern Christian cultures or Outremer culture)_: unlocks two powerful Heavy Cavalry Men-at-Arms regiments
## Frankish:
- Seigneurialism _(requires Manorialism, can be exported to English and Scottish cultures)_: +25% Domain Tax, +15% Levy Size, +10% County Control Gain **BUT** -2 Domain Limit if ruler is a Duke or higher tier and either independent or holding more than 4 counties, -25% Vassal Tax Contribution Multiplier, -33% Vassal Levy Contribution Multiplier, and -15 Popular Opinion 
- Peerage _(can be exported to English and Scottish cultures)_: Unlocks unique Peerage vassal contract available only to Duke-tier or higher Powerful Vassals, which partially negates Vassal Tax Contribution Multiplier penalty from Seigneurialism and grants a Hostile Scheme Resistance bonus. Independent lieges who grant Peerage titles receive a periodic homage of prestige and piety based on the opinions of their Peers and the Realm Priest 
- Norman Customary Law _(unique to Normans, requires Hereditary Rule)_: Unlocks heir designation in the Early Medieval Era while under any partition succession law, regardless of Crown Authority
## Iberian:
- Reconquista/Fatḥ al-Andalus _(available to the Iberian culture group, as well as Andalusian, Maghrebi, and Berber cultures with a presence in the Iberian region)_: Enables raiding, though at a significantly slower rate, of foreign counties within the Iberian region for piety **if of a different religion** scaled to the ruler's martial skill, +1 Martial per level of piety
- Iberian Military Orders _(available only to the Iberian culture group)_: -33% Holy Order Piety Creation Cost, +2% Piety per Knight, +25% Knight Effectiveness
## Central Germanic:
- Stammesherzogtum _(valid for Franconians, Swabians, Bavarians, and Saxons)_: +5 Same Culture Opinion, Central Germanic vassals of a Central Germanic liege are less likely to start or join Independence factions
- Ostsiedlung: +15% Development/month, may flip counties in bordering realms to your culture, which can be increased if a city in that county has the unique Rathaus building
- German Town Law _(can be exported to other primarily Christian cultures, but cannot be adopted by any culture that has adopted Seigneurialism)_: Unlocks the unique Rathaus building line for city holdings, which provides a bonus to Development/month
## Persian:
- Parsi Renaissance _(requires a county of 20 Development or higher)_: +1.0 Development Growth/month in the capital county
- Persianate Literary Traditions _(can be exported to other non-Iranian cultures)_: +10% Monthly Prestige Gain for adopting cultures, gives bonus Prestige upon adoption to all rulers of Iranian culture who have unlocked Parsi Renaissance.
- Persian Epic Verse _(requires a county of 35 Development or higher)_: +1 Diplomacy/Prowess per Prestige Level to synergize with prestige bonus from exporting Iranian culture

Commit message:

Added Alcasabas and somewhat reworked Ghilman

Sui_Generis/README.md, after:

# Sui Generis - A Cultural Innovation Expansion mod for Crusader Kings 3
_Sui Generis_ was designed with two objectives in mind: firstly that each culture in the game should be governed by a unique mechanic that distinguishes it from others on the basis of their culture group or geographic location, and secondly that select unique cultural innovations should be able to spread far beyond their origins to enrich the various cultures of the medieval world. 

Currently, the mod features innovations for the following culture groups:
## Arabic:
- Fatḥ al-Andalus _(available to Andalusian, Maghrebi, and Berber cultures with a presence in the Iberian region)_: Enables raiding, though at a significantly slower rate, of foreign counties within the Iberian region for piety **if of a different religion** scaled to the ruler's martial skill, +4 Advantage in Controlled Territory
- Alcazabas _(available to the Andalusians, can be exported to the Iberian culture group)_: +1 Fort Level, +20% Hostile Raid Time, +50% Garrison Size, +25% Castle Holding Construction Cost
- Ghilman _(available to Arabic culture group cultures in the Middle East, may spread to any predominantly Islamic culture)_: -33% Men-at-Arms Maintenance, +2 Men-at-Arms Regiments, -25% Levy Size, -50% Levy Reinforcement Rate
## Berbers:
- Barb Horses _(can be exported to other cultures)_: bonus damage, toughness, and pursuit for light cavalry
- Barbary Corsairs: enables raiding by land and sea, -25% Embarkation cost and +40% Naval Movement speed
## Byzantines:
- Legacy of Rome (unique to Greeks): +15 Baseline Dread, +2% Monthly Prestige Gain per Dread
- Legacy of the Autokrator _(can be exported to other primarily Eastern Christian cultures)_: + 10 Baseline Dread, -10% Dread Decay 
- Caucasian Heritage: +5 Advantage in Desert Mountains and Mountains, +5 Advantage in Controlled Territory
- Caucasian Diplomacy _(unique to the Byzantine culture group)_: enables 1 alliance without marriage with rulers of a different culture that share the innovation
- Knights of the East _(can be exported to other primarily Eastern Christian cultures or Outremer culture)_: unlocks two powerful Heavy Cavalry Men-at-Arms regiments
## Frankish:
- Seigneurialism _(requires Manorialism, can be exported to English and Scottish cultures)_: +25% Domain Tax, +15% Levy Size, +10% County Control Gain **BUT** -2 Domain Limit if ruler is a Duke or higher tier and either independent or holding more than 4 counties, -25% Vassal Tax Contribution Multiplier, -33% Vassal Levy Contribution Multiplier, and -15 Popular Opinion 
- Peerage _(can be exported to English and Scottish cultures)_: Unlocks unique Peerage vassal contract available only to Duke-tier or higher Powerful Vassals, which partially negates Vassal Tax Contribution Multiplier penalty from Seigneurialism and grants a Hostile Scheme Resistance bonus. Independent lieges who grant Peerage titles receive a periodic homage of prestige and piety based on the opinions of their Peers and the Realm Priest 
- Norman Customary Law _(unique to Normans, requires Hereditary Rule)_: Unlocks heir designation in the Early Medieval Era while under any partition succession law, regardless of Crown Authority
## Iberian:
- Reconquista _(available to the Iberian culture group, as well as Andalusian, Maghrebi, and Berber cultures with a presence in the Iberian region)_: Enables raiding, though at a significantly slower rate, of foreign counties within the Iberian region for piety **if of a different religion** scaled to the ruler's martial skill, +1 Martial per level of piety
- Iberian Military Orders _(available only to the Iberian culture group)_: -33% Holy Order Piety Creation Cost, +2% Piety per Knight, +25% Knight Effectiveness
## Central Germanic:
- Stammesherzogtum _(valid for Franconians, Swabians, Bavarians, and Saxons)_: +5 Same Culture Opinion, Central Germanic vassals of a Central Germanic liege are less likely to start or join Independence factions
- Ostsiedlung: +15% Development/month, may flip counties in bordering realms to your culture, which can be increased if a city in that county has the unique Rathaus building
- German Town Law _(can be exported to other primarily Christian cultures, but cannot be adopted by any culture that has adopted Seigneurialism)_: Unlocks the unique Rathaus building line for city holdings, which provides a bonus to Development/month
## Persian:
- Parsi Renaissance _(requires a county of 20 Development or higher)_: +1.0 Development Growth/month in the capital county
- Persianate Literary Traditions _(can be exported to other non-Iranian cultures)_: +10% Monthly Prestige Gain for adopting cultures, gives bonus Prestige upon adoption to all rulers of Iranian culture who have unlocked Parsi Renaissance.
- Persian Epic Verse _(requires a county of 35 Development or higher)_: +1 Diplomacy/Prowess per Prestige Level to synergize with prestige bonus from exporting Iranian culture
